Commit PR notes to draftlogs and add scripts to provide draft release notes (CHANGELOG.md) and empty draftlogs (#5780)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/README.md

## Directory of draft logs to help prepare the upcoming [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

> It is required that the PR contributors start the filename with a number.
> This number should preferably be the PR number.
> The number of issue they are trying to close could also be used.
> The markdown file should end with one of the followings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every pull request should add at least one markdown file to this directory.
The filename must start with a number, preferably the PR number, followed by one of these:
```

1. `_fix.md` to propose a bug fix
2. `_add.md` to propose new features
3. `_remove.md` to propose a feature removal
4. `_change.md` to propose a minor/major change

> 5. `_deprecate.md` to propose a feature deprecate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `_deprecate.md` to propose a feature be deprecated

If your PR falls into more than one category - for example adding a new feature and changing an existing feature - you should include each in a separate file.
```
